# People marked here will be automatically requested for a review
# when the code that they own is touched.
# https://github.com/blog/2392-introducing-code-owners

setup.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/*.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/helpers/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/util/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/api.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/automation/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/configurator.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/group.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/history.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/http/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/input_*.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/introduction.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/logger.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/mqtt/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/panel_custom.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/panel_iframe.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/persistent_notification.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/scene/__init__.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/scene/hass.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/script.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/shell_command.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/sun.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/updater.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/weblink.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/websocket_api.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/zone.py @home-assistant/core

# To monitor non-pypi additions
requirements_all.txt @andrey-git

# HomeAssistant developer Teams
Dockerfile @home-assistant/docker
virtualization/Docker/* @home-assistant/docker

homeassistant/components/zwave/* @home-assistant/z-wave
homeassistant/components/*/zwave.py @home-assistant/z-wave

homeassistant/components/hassio.py @home-assistant/hassio

# Individual components
homeassistant/components/alarm_control_panel/egardia.py @jeroenterheerdt
homeassistant/components/binary_sensor/hikvision.py @mezz64
homeassistant/components/bmw_connected_drive.py @ChristianKuehnel
homeassistant/components/camera/yi.py @bachya
homeassistant/components/climate/ephember.py @ttroy50
homeassistant/components/climate/eq3btsmart.py @rytilahti
homeassistant/components/climate/sensibo.py @andrey-git
homeassistant/components/cover/template.py @PhracturedBlue
homeassistant/components/device_tracker/automatic.py @armills
homeassistant/components/device_tracker/tile.py @bachya
homeassistant/components/history_graph.py @andrey-git
homeassistant/components/light/tplink.py @rytilahti
homeassistant/components/light/yeelight.py @rytilahti
homeassistant/components/media_player/emby.py @mezz64
homeassistant/components/media_player/kodi.py @armills
homeassistant/components/media_player/mediaroom.py @dgomes
homeassistant/components/media_player/monoprice.py @etsinko
homeassistant/components/media_player/sonos.py @amelchio
homeassistant/components/media_player/xiaomi_tv.py @fattdev
homeassistant/components/media_player/yamaha_musiccast.py @jalmeroth
homeassistant/components/plant.py @ChristianKuehnel
homeassistant/components/sensor/airvisual.py @bachya
homeassistant/components/sensor/gearbest.py @HerrHofrat
homeassistant/components/sensor/irish_rail_transport.py @ttroy50
homeassistant/components/sensor/miflora.py @danielhiversen @ChristianKuehnel
homeassistant/components/sensor/pollen.py @bachya
homeassistant/components/sensor/sytadin.py @gautric
homeassistant/components/sensor/sql.py @dgomes
homeassistant/components/sensor/tibber.py @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/sensor/waqi.py @andrey-git
homeassistant/components/switch/rainmachine.py @bachya
homeassistant/components/switch/tplink.py @rytilahti
homeassistant/components/xiaomi_aqara.py @danielhiversen @syssi

homeassistant/components/*/axis.py @kane610
homeassistant/components/*/bmw_connected_drive.py @ChristianKuehnel
homeassistant/components/*/broadlink.py @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/eight_sleep.py @mezz64
homeassistant/components/*/eight_sleep.py @mezz64
homeassistant/components/hive.py @Rendili @KJonline
homeassistant/components/*/hive.py @Rendili @KJonline
homeassistant/components/homekit/* @cdce8p
homeassistant/components/*/deconz.py @kane610
homeassistant/components/*/rfxtrx.py @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/velux.py @Julius2342
homeassistant/components/*/velux.py @Julius2342
homeassistant/components/knx.py @Julius2342
homeassistant/components/*/knx.py @Julius2342
homeassistant/components/tahoma.py @philklei
homeassistant/components/*/tahoma.py @philklei
homeassistant/components/tesla.py @zabuldon
homeassistant/components/*/tesla.py @zabuldon
homeassistant/components/tellduslive.py @molobrakos @fredrike
homeassistant/components/*/tellduslive.py @molobrakos @fredrike
homeassistant/components/*/tradfri.py @ggravlingen
homeassistant/components/*/xiaomi_aqara.py @danielhiversen @syssi
homeassistant/components/*/xiaomi_miio.py @rytilahti @syssi
